Maintaining some degree of website accessibility is a legal requirement
in many countries, including the UK and USA.
But more than that, it's about creating more inclusive online spaces for everyone.
The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines are designed to make content
on desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile devices more accessible
to a wider range of people, especially those with disabilities,
including blindness and low vision, deafness and hearing loss,
limited movement, speech disabilities, photosensitivity,
and some learning disabilities like dyslexia.
The guidelines state that content and user interfaces should be
perceivable, operable, understandable, robust, and reliable.
But what do these principles mean in practice?